I want you to add an interactive fluid-simulation background to my homepage. The background should look like a glowing, living, animated field of flowing colors (like a fire/water plasma). It should react to the user’s mouse or touch movement.

General Description

The background is NOT a static image.
It must be a live, interactive effect that looks similar to the “Fluid Simulation” app/game:

Smooth liquid movement

Fire-like tendrils

Color blending

Neon glow

High-resolution feel

Real-time GPU animation (WebGL)

This must run behind ALL main UI elements (search bar, bookmarks, etc.).

The UI elements should remain clear and readable, while the background slowly moves, swirls, and responds to the user.

⭐ Behavior Requirements
1. Fluid Simulation Rules

Use a WebGL or canvas-based fluid simulation (examples: WebGL2, navier-stokes solver, or a lightweight JS library).

Must include:

Viscosity

Diffusion

Curl

Pressure solving

Dissipation

The visuals should look like:

Flowing neon smoke

Lava lamp liquid

Fiery plasma

Ink swirling in water

Colors should blend smoothly.

2. Color Palette Options

Please implement a default palette like:

Cyan → Blue → Purple (cool mode)
OR

Orange → Yellow → Red (fire mode)

The user should see glowing trails when moving the mouse.

The AI should make the background look “alive” even when idle.

3. Mouse Interaction

When the user drags the mouse:

Emit a burst of color

Push the fluid outward (force vector)

Create glowing, fiery streaks

Add velocity to the simulation

Cause ripples or turbulence

The faster the user moves, the stronger the fluid distortion.

4. Performance Requirements

Make sure:

It uses WebGL (NOT slow canvas 2D)

It adapts to screen resolution

It falls back gracefully if GPU is weak

It runs at 60fps if possible

This background must NEVER block the UI.

5. Layering

The fluid simulation must be placed as:

position: fixed;
top: 0;
left: 0;
width: 100%;
height: 100%;
z-index: -1;


So it stays behind all elements and fills the entire screen.

UI must remain fully functional:

Search bar

Bookmarks

Proxy engine selector

Everything centered

6. Glow / Bloom Effect

Apply bloom/glow to the fluid colors using:

additive blending

or a render pass shader

The background should look like bright neon light trails.

7. Motion When Idle

Even if the user stops moving:

The background should gently swirl on its own

Slow currents

Gentle waves

Occasional soft pulses

Must feel alive and dynamic at all times.

8. No External Server Needed

All code should run locally:

Use JS + WebGL shaders directly

Or embed the necessary code inside the project

NO external dependency loading unless from CDN

9. Don’t Interfere With UI

Make sure:

UI text stays readable

Elements have slight opacity backgrounds if needed

z-index is handled correctly

10. Optional: Settings Menu

Create a hidden menu (top right gear icon) where user can:

Change color palette

Toggle glow strength

Toggle particle streaks

Change fluid speed

Save choices in localStorage.

⭐ Final Goal

The entire homepage should feel like it's sitting on top of a glowing, flowing, interactive, neon liquid surface.
When the user moves their mouse, the background should react like a fluid.